[Fix #10306] Release Twisted 22.2.0. (#1695)
twisted/twisted: NEWS.rst

.. towncrier release notes start

Twisted 22.2.0.rc1 (2022-02-08)
===============================

Bugfixes
--------

> - twisted.internet.gireactor.PortableGIReactor.simulate and twisted.internet.gtk2reactor.PortableGtkReactor.simulate no longer raises TypeError when there are no delayed called. This was a regression introduced with the migration to Python3 in which the builtin `min` function no longer accepts `None` as an argument. (#9660)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- twisted.internet.gireactor.PortableGIReactor.simulate and twisted.internet.gtk2reactor.PortableGtkReactor.simulate no longer raises TypeError when there are no delayed called. This was a regression introduced with the migration to Python 3 in which the builtin `min` function no longer accepts `None` as an argument. (#9660)
```

- twisted.conch.ssh.transport.SSHTransportBase now disconnects the remote peer if the

>   SSH version string is not sent in the first 4096 bytes. (#10284)

Reviewer: Can we include the advisory ID and CVE number here, please?

```suggestion
  SSH version string is not sent in the first 4096 bytes. (#10284, CVE-2022-21716,
  GHSA-rv6r-3f5q-9rgx)
```
```
